---
layout: default
title: "Bin"
description: "Personalized intelligence augmentation."
date: 2024-08-14 12:25:48 -0700
updated_at: 8-14-2024
categories: idea
permalink: /:categories/:title
---

{% include idea_header.html title=page.title updated_at=page.updated_at desc=page.description %}

Bin is the easiest way to save and make use of the things you find on the web. Use Bin to build a personal knowledge base that you can retrieve, search and generate content from. It’s a digital extension that’s uniquely you that can be used for fun and to get things done.

Start building your Bin by syncing your media and screenshots. Add anything else, like a website or a social post by sending it to the Bin app via a share sheet or the native Bin app interface. Bin will do an analysis and decomposition of the content, add tags for categories and themes, translate images to text, and scrap content out of websites. Thoughts, notes, and todos are also valid inputs and can also be included alongside other content.

Key to the value of Bin is what it enables you to do with your knowledge base. In addition to simple search and retrieval, Bin can generate one-off or recurring reports and summaries that help you learn, make new insights, conduct research or develop ideas. Generating engaging and sharable content on a weekly basis will be important to driving consumer adoption and distribution. A wide range of professional use cases are also possible; from idea development for content creation, to market research for business analysis.

Eventually, you may want to connect your knowledge base to 3rd party services, so that the service can provide you with the most personalized experience possible. You may also eventually want to have this personal data stored on a physical device and backed up on a decentralized cloud, helping to ensure ownership and privacy.